Add details of per transaction callbacks and `after_all_transactions_commit` [ci skip] (#54533)
rails/rails: guides/source/active_record_callbacks.md

[`after_update_commit`]:
    https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActiveRecord/Transactions/ClassMethods.html#method-i-after_update_commit

### Per transaction callback

> You can register transaction callbacks outside of a record, `ActiveRecord::Base.transaction` yields an `ActiveRecord::Transaction` object, which allows registering callbacks on it.

Reviewer: Not sure if I understand what "outside of a record" means, mind explaining? (Not saying you are wrong, I just don't get it 😅)

Author: "outside of record" - outside of the ActiveRecord object, you can add a callback on the transaction object now. Maybe change it to say that you can add callbacks on the `ActiveRecord::Transaction` object.

Reviewer: I see. So you are referring to the model, not the record.

```ruby
Article.transaction do |transaction|
  article.update(published: true)

  transaction.after_commit do
    PublishNotificationMailer.with(article: article).deliver_later
  end
end
```

### `ActiveRecord.after_all_transactions_commit`

> [`ActiveRecord.after_all_transactions_commit`][] is a callback that allows you to run code after all the current transactions have been successfully committed to the database.

Reviewer: I think this needs a bit more explanation as it's not clear that this can work outside of a transaction (e.g. calling `after_all_transactions_commit` when no transaction is open yields the block immediately).

```ruby
def publish_article(article)
  article.update(published: true)
  ActiveRecord.after_all_transactions_commit do
    PublishNotificationMailer.with(article: article).deliver_later
  end
end
```

> [`ActiveRecord.after_all_transactions_commit`]: https://rubydoc.info/gems/activerecord/ActiveRecord.after_all_transactions_commit

Reviewer: Link to the Rail's API doc instead: https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActiveRecord.html#method-c-after_all_transactions_commit

[`after_update_commit`]:
    https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActiveRecord/Transactions/ClassMethods.html#method-i-after_update_commit

### Per transaction callback

> You can register the transaction callbacks on the Transaction object too. `ActiveRecord::Base.transaction` yields an `ActiveRecord::Transaction` object, which allows registering callbacks on it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also register transactional callbacks such as `before_commit`, `after_commit` and `after_rollback` on a specific transaction.
This is handy in situations where you need to perform an action that isn't specific to a model but rather a unit of work.

`ActiveRecord::Base.transaction` yields an `ActiveRecord::Transaction` object, which allows registering the said callbacks on it.
```

```ruby
Article.transaction do |transaction|
  article.update(published: true)

  transaction.after_commit do
    PublishNotificationMailer.with(article: article).deliver_later
  end
end
```

### `ActiveRecord.after_all_transactions_commit`

[`ActiveRecord.after_all_transactions_commit`][] is a callback that allows you to run code after all the current transactions have been successfully committed to the database.

```ruby
def publish_article(article)

>   article.update(published: true)
>   ActiveRecord.after_all_transactions_commit do
>     PublishNotificationMailer.with(article: article).deliver_later
>   end

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Article.transaction do
    Post.transaction do
      ActiveRecord.after_all_transactions_commit do
        PublishNotificationMailer.with(article: article).deliver_later
        # An email will be sent after the outermost transaction is committed.
      end
    end
  end  
```

end
```

> If there are multiple nested transactions, the block is called after the outermost one has been committed and if any of the currently open transactions is rolled back, the block is never called.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A callback registered to `after_all_transactions_commit` will be triggered after the outermost transaction is committed. If any of the currently open transactions is rolled back, the block is never called.
```

> 
> WARNING. If there are no active transactions, the `after_all_transactions_commit` callback still runs immediately after the database operation completes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the event that there are no open transactions at the time a callback is registered, the block will be yielded immediately. 
```
